Add 3.3 release notes (#24)
max-cx/openshift-docs: observability/distr_tracing/distr-tracing-rn.adoc

This update introduces the following enhancements:

// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4108
* Added support for securing Jaeger UI and Jaeger APIs with OpenShift Oauth proxy.
// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-3954
* Added support for using OpenShift serving certificates on ingestion APIs when multitenancy is disabled.
// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4171

> * Added support for ingesting OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP) JSON when multitenancy is enabled.

Reviewer: I would call it OTLP/HTTP, that's what it's called in the specs like here: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/

Or do we really only support JSON over HTTP and not https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/#binary-protobuf-encoding?

Reviewer 2: I've copied your comment into https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80135/files#r1723383175.

// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4176
* Added support for AWS S3 Secure Token authentication.
// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4185
* Added support for automatically reloading certificates.

> // https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4214

Reviewer 3: We should improve the description of that issue

Reviewer 2: I've copied your comment into https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80135/files#r1723385025.

> * Added support for configuring lookback for service names.

Reviewer 3: `lookback` or `loopback`?

Reviewer 2: I've copied your comment into https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80135/files#r1723420470.

This update introduces the following bug fixes:

> * Before this update, storage certificate name could not contain dot. With this update storage certificate name can contain dots (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4348[TRACING-4348]).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Before this update, storage certificate name could not contain dots. With this update storage certificate name can contain dots (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4348[TRACING-4348]).
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed. Thank you, Jose.

> * Before this update, users had to select certificate when accessing gateway route. After this update the promt to select the certificate is not shown (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4431[TRACING-4431]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, some users had to select a certificate when accessing the gateway route. After this update, the prompt to select a certificate is not shown (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-4431[TRACING-4431]).
```

Reviewer 2: Applied. Thank you, Andreas.
